Hello everyone. Welcome back to the
shed. I'm Lonnie.
>> Hey, I'm Candace. Welcome back. Right
before the camera rolled, I sneezed. I
was like, um, yeah, we're we're pulling
orders this morning and I think we're
going to get right into it, huh?
>> Yeah. Yeah, we need to. Today is a a
shipping day.
>> I saw you adding up the board. Is that
total up to date?
>> Yeah. So, u give y'all a little glimpse
into what we're how much we're listing
this month. We've, uh, we've been listed
pretty good. Um lately when we're in
here listing the only well I mean f this
last Friday we've been pretty steady
this month we had
>> Friday was a sourcing day that's why
there's a goose egg there
>> and there might be future goose eggs
like here.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh but this was yesterday. I didn't add
up the total but uh yeah I've been
pretty happy I've been fairly happy with
our listing performance given how much
time we've been spending sourcing
lately.
>> Yeah. Um, so and the thing is like we
have enough stuff right now to where um
we should be able to list
$5 to $700 every day,
>> right?
>> Like indefinitely as far as
>> No problem. Yeah.
>> So
>> yeah,
>> I mean it it it's going well. We're kind
of starting to hit our groove here, I
think.
>> I think so, too. Yeah, things have been
good. Running smooth. So, um yeah, we're
going to jump right into it. But we have
sales today on eBay and Mccuri. So,
we're going to start out with eBay. The
first order has two items on it. Uh,
belt buckle, buckle X.
>> Okay.
One thing um
one thing we we are going to be doing
soon. We've been threatening that we're
going to try a list easier for a while
now. And one of the roadblocks to that
was actually um
business policies. We weren't we we
weren't currently using business
policies for our shipping or anything,
>> right?
>> And um list easier requires that you use
business policies. So we switched over
to using business policies again last
week. Yeah. And I was reminded a few
days ago why I didn't like it before. So
I had a two pound package and I had
accidentally in list perfectly put in 15
pounds. And because you're just kind of
it doesn't show you the total.
>> Oh, it doesn't show you the estimated.
>> Right. Yeah.
>> So I didn't realize what I had done till
I went to another platform to list it.
So yeah,
>> just got to be more careful.
>> Yeah. Very care.
>> Yeah. It doesn't show you that. Um, if
y'all yall know what she's talking
about, like where whenever you put in
your shipping method and it gives you a
range that the shipping is going to be
and normally you you ignore at least I
do anyway ignore the top of the range
because that's going to be like
that's going to be like u I don't know
express to Guam or something like that.
>> Right. Right. But um
yeah, so we're we're using business
policies now again.
>> Yep.
>> And um yeah, so we'll be able to try out
list easier maybe today. I don't know.
We'll see.
>> We'll see what's going on today. Okay.
The other thing on that order is a book,
Works of Mark Twain on Six Bravo.
>> Okay.
>> Six Bravo.
>> Oh, I always assume it's going to be
back there.
>> Yeah.
>> All right. Um
>> it's a green book.
>> Yep. Right here. $19.99 for that. Oh, by
the way, the belt buckle was $14.99.
>> Okay. And those go together.
>> Yes. Same same person ordered those.
>> Okay. Nice.
>> In the bolo drawer. So,
>> do we have any magnets going out today?
>> No, we don't. Huh. Oh, wow. Okay. Well,
that's that's convenient because I don't
think we have any ready to go.
>> No. No.
>> We could have had.
>> Yep. Okay. In the bolo drawer, some
Elmus eye treatment. Where's Bolo?
>> It's over here.
>> Yeah.
>> All right. What's it look like?
>> It's a silver cap little
>> bottle thing. Yeah.
>> Yep.
$24.99.
>> Okay.
Cosmetics been good.
>> Another eyeliner on Tim Bravo. Smoke.
>> Okay. Let's see. Tim Bravo.
>> We have a demolition going out too if
you want to grab them both.
>> We got smoke and
demolition and smoke here. Smoke 11.99
demolition $14.99.
>> Oh man, this is this stuff's been so
good. Okay,
>> we went and got some more sweatpants. A
good thing because somebody bought two
pair.
>> Okay. Oh. Oh, speaking of that, we have
um another pair that actually No, went
out yesterday.
>> Yeah,
>> it already shipped.
>> cuz we were already short a pair. So, I
went out yesterday morning,
>> right?
>> And they had to go out yesterday.
>> Yeah.
>> So, I went out yesterday morning. I
picked up more
>> and got those in the
>> Did I reload them?
>> I don't know what you did with them.
>> I think they might be in the truck.
>> Okay,
>> I'm going to go grab them out the back
of the truck. I'll be right back. Okay,
we had two bags like this in storage.
Let me go get I'm going to get the
container.
We can load it up.
>> Yeah. Uh we sold two pairs. So, it's
showing we have 13 pair left. Now, that
looks like more than that cuz they're so
thick and bulky.
>> They are. They are bulky. Go ahead and
take your two pair out.
>> Just drop that whole bag in there
probably.
>> I may just throw that other bag up there
on the shelf on top of this box.
>> Yeah.
>> Make sure it has a good sticky note on
it.
Okay.
>> Yep. So, these sell for $19.99 each.
>> Okay. Yeah. That's awesome.
All right. And we're we're stocked.
>> Yep.
>> Let me see if we have room on top of
this box to put it. Yeah, I can throw
it. I'll go out to the truck and get the
other bag in a little bit and I can just
throw the bag up on top of there.
>> All right. Five delta vinyl a Cody Jinx
wanting after the fire.
>> Okay.
Well, the hadn't uh
is I guess it's the one with the wolf on
the cover.
>> Yep.
I don't think I have two two records by
them. Okay.
>> Is that a country singer?
>> Um,
>> modern
>> pro. It sounds like it, you know, Cody
Jinx. That sounds like a country singer.
I don't know. I don't know anything
about it.
>> Cody. $39.99.
We sold a BBOP Deluxe on three Bravo.
>> Yes.
>> This is uh Bbop Deluxe Futurama.
>> Three Bravo.
>> Yep. Yep. Here we go.
>> It's got like a a bird on the a egret or
something on the front or a crane. Some
kind of crane.
>> $69.99.
>> I think I think this BBop Deluxe right
here might be our last one we have left.
>> Oh, nice. Yeah.
Okay. In the tiger drawer. I don't know
why I keep forgetting where drawers are.
>> Because we haven't been going into the
drawers that much.
>> I have. I've been listing all this
makeup.
>> Okay. Okay. Where where am I looking?
>> Uh Kendra Daily V. It's a white and blue
box towards the back there. K. No, white
and blue.
>> I see it.
>> Uh 1999.
>> Okay.
>> Okay. I don't want to get into that too
much.
>> I was wondering.
>> All right.
>> Moving on.
>> Okay.
>> Five fox trot.
>> All right. What' that sell for?
>> Oh, I'm sorry. 1999.
>> Okay. You might have said it. I just
>> You were distracted.
>> All right. Let's go.
Five. Foxtrot. Joseph Seel sandals. Some
black sandals.
>> That's at the bottom. Let's see if we
can get there.
It might be these.
>> They have like little medallions going
up the foot.
>> Yeah, I think that I think it's these,
right?
>> $21 for those.
>> That's the these right here. Right.
>> And we sold another pair of shoes. 14
Echo. These are some Steve Madden
driving loafers. Oh gosh.
>> They're not going to him.
>> Oh man. Yeah. Check Check who ordered
those. My goodness.
>> It's not Rev.
>> Where's Where are they?
>> 14 Echo.
>> What? Oh, wait. What are they called?
>> We have four pair.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. So,
>> Okay. We got these from Mr. A.
>> Yeah.
>> Look at that.
>> Yeah. They're all the same.
>> It's like that.
>> Mhm. Okay, those are nice.
>> Those are really nice.
>> $21.99 for those.
>> Oh my gosh.
>> Oh yeah. Fine. Per purveyor of fine
driving shoes.
>> What size is Revware?
>> I don't know. Probably big big foot.
>> Yeah, that's a 9 and a half D. All
right. To Charlie, the Harley-Davidson
rains suit sold again.
>> Yeah, we sold this once.
>> It got returned.
>> Got returned. Just didn't like it.
and we sold it again.
>> Hopefully this person does just like it.
$59.99.
>> Or if they don't like it, they don't
bother to return it. Wanted to,
>> right?
>> I mean, there's nothing wrong with it.
>> Nine Delta Pop Mart figure. Twinkle,
little Superman.
>> Nine Delta.
Let's see.
I think it's this right here.
There's only one on this shelf, I think.
Twinkle, twinkle, we are Twinkle,
Twinkle.
>> Yep.
$24.99. I'll check that.
>> I'm sure that's it.
>> 10 Alpha the Carnival Cruise Port Hole
picture frame.
>> Yeah, we paid $3 for this at the highway
sale.
>> Yep.
>> This is not I think this is either the
second or third time we've sold one of
these.
>> Yeah,
>> they do well. $27.99 for that.
>> I wonder what they charge for those on
the on the boat.
>> Oh gosh, it's probably like 40ucks. 40
50 bucks. Yeah.
>> Okay. We sold it at Elks Club pen and
pocket 98.
>> Yeah, I took this offer without
consulting with you.
>> What?
How dare you?
>> This is a 50-year service member pin for
$9.
>> Yeah.
>> Solid gold.
>> No, it's not.
>> It's gold tone. Just
>> better not be. You checking to see if
I'm listening.
>> Sold this gold pen for $9.
>> Yeah. Checking to see if I was
listening, huh?
>> To Charlie. We sold some jeans. They're
a long haul brand. I've never heard of
that.
>> Two Charlie.
There's some uh some of the larger jeans
we've ever sold.
Let's see. Maybe the largest.
Uh Longhaul 66 by 27.
>> Yep.
We were fortunate to find someone that
needed those dimensions. Of course, they
might have to mess with the uh the hem
on the uh inseam or what length or
whatever,
>> right? $26.99 for those.
>> Okay.
>> All righty. We sold three service
manuals, repair manuals. 10 Charlie
Magic 2.
>> Well, some of it's owner manual. 10
Charlie
>> 10 Charlie Magic 2. Yeah, this is an
over owner's manual.
>> Okay.
1979 Subaru. It's got a blue cover.
>> Oh, that's not bad. I don't have that
many in here. Okay, that's Magic 2.
I'mma bring them over here. We can look
through them real quick.
>> It's probably this blue one right here.
>> Let's see. Double check it.
>> Yep, that's it.
>> Okay.
>> The other one is on one Charlie in the
comic box.
>> Okay.
So, the Subaru manual silver 1099.
You're looking for a 1982 Volvo diesel
with it's got a yellow Volvo on front.
Okay.
See some Volvo. What color is the What
is the predominant color of the cover?
>> Gray.
>> Gray. Okay.
>> It says Volvo diesel top left corner
with a yellow Volvo.
>> Okay. I'm going to bring it over here
and we're probably going to cut for a
minute because I think it's going to
take a second to find it.
Yep. I think I found it.
>> Candace found it right after I turned
the camera off. Y she thinks she did
right there. That's it.
>> Mhm.
>> Okay.
>> $9.99 for that.
>> And then while you're heading on back
there, mosying on back, actually. Yeah.
Three delta.
>> This is a Volvo repair manual. Pays
repair manual. Volvo 240.
>> $9.99 for that.
So, they all sold for like 10 bucks a
piece.
>> Yeah. 10 and 11. Yeah.
>> Okay. Nice. Happy to sell them.
>> Yep. Somebody can fix their Volvo. And
they can have a a owner's manual on the
glove box.
>> That's right.
>> Pink Floyd hat sold hatbox D.
>> Yeah. That wasn't worth very much.
Pretty uh
>> a lot of them for sale.
>> Yeah.
>> It's a cool hat, though.
>> It is. Yeah. It sold for $11.99. I think
we might have made I think we might have
netted about five bucks on that after
all said and done. Isn't necessarily
where you want to be, but I'm still glad
we sold it.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> Okay. And then um I don't know if y'all
remember if you saw we picked up a bunch
of Luc Casey stuff at an estate sale at
uh he was a Luc Casey salesman. And
these are boot shaft covers. I think
they use them just for the store display
models. Maybe just to keep the dust and
dirt out of them or something. I'm not
sure. Um, so somebody on eBay bought
five pair. They're on five delta.
>> Okay,
>> this is our last eBay order, by the way.
They're in a little plastic bucket.
>> Plastic bucket. Okay, I see them.
>> I see the bucket anyway.
>> Go ahead and grab it cuz uh we sold some
on Mccari, too.
>> I think.
>> Yeah, they don't look like you hold very
many. We only had seven pair of those.
So, someone bought five pair on eBay.
So, I'm going to grab five. They're all
the same.
>> Yep. One,
two,
three,
four, five.
>> We all we have was like a dollar or two
in each pair. Something like that. It
wasn't much.
>> Yeah. $124.95 for those.
>> That's what a great order.
>> Okay, I'm going to go ahead and grab
these because these are on a Mari order
and
>> we have one pair still left.
>> One pair left. Yeah.
I imagine that'll probably sell today
the way the other ones sold so fast.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. Okay. So, then I had three other
styles, just single pairs of those. So,
somebody Mari bought all of those plus
one of these. Um Okay. The first one is
in the Joe drawer
right here.
>> Okay.
>> We have one in the razor drawer
right here.
and Star Wars drawer. I'll go ahead and
grab it.
>> Okay,
>> you can just stay in there looking
pretty. There we go.
>> I am I am cameramanning here.
>> I know. So, we uh we sold all the four
of those. We did a deal for somebody, a
bundle deal for $60 plus ship.
>> Man, yeah,
>> we should have waited for the full
price.
>> I had a feeling, but you know,
>> Candace told me that.
>> Yeah. I'm like, man, I know they're
going to sell, but yeah, cuz these
things don't exist. Like, we have the
only ones or we did. Not anymore. So,
>> we have one pair.
>> Yeah, we can keep them
>> for what?
>> I don't know.
>> No, we're not going to keep them. Okay.
>> Okay, that's all of our orders.
>> So, that's everything is going out. Yep.
>> Okay, cool. So, we're going to go ahead
and uh get that stuff packed and then
man, I really want to tackle um I'm
thinking we're probably going to list
that craft stuff today.
>> Okay.
>> Don't you think that'd be a good idea?
>> Yeah, that sounds good. Sounds fun.
>> Well, and plus I want to get it out of
the aisle. Yeah, we can spread it all
out and figure out figure out our lots.
>> Yeah. And then also I want to get get my
paintball markers listed and then figure
out decide once and for all if I want to
list that old police stuff. I don't
think I want to list it on eBay though.
>> You know what I'm talking about. We have
a bunch of police books from like the '
70s. Training
>> the main the training manuals. Yeah.
>> That whole box full.
>> Yeah. Um
I and I don't think there's anything
wrong with listing it. I'm just
concerned about eBay's bots taking it
down.
>> They may do well on Etsy.
>> That's what I was thinking. I'll just
put them throw them up on Etsy.
>> All right, y'all. We are We dumped all
the all of the u yarn out. I I'll show
y'all what that look like.
>> Here we go.
>> Oh boy.
Okay.
Whoa.
Okay. Bunch of yarn. A lot of other
little stuff, too.
>> Here comes a bunch of little stuff.
>> Okay. Oh my gosh.
>> I've got my work cut out for me today.
>> Look at this, y'all.
So much stuff. Oh my gosh. We'll kind of
dig through it a little bit.
>> Let's take a look at some of the stuff
we have. We have a lot of yarn. We knew
we were going in for that. Lonnie shoved
a bunch of buttons in there. Um I found
a few dolls like
>> Oh, yeah. Look, there's some dolls, too.
>> Yeah. I just I grabbed some stuff that
may be worth something, maybe not, just
cuz we had room in our bag. Look, here's
like a dollhouse doll. Mostly yarn, but
you can see we've got a lot of other
stuff in here, too. So,
>> fetuccini.
>> Yeah, I'm about to get into it.
>> Look, look at all the yarns. Look, we
have uh these kind of kits. Oh, look, a
ruler. What is it?
>> I grabbed that for our product
photography. I thought maybe
>> Yeah, look, it's so big and then there's
two little ones. So, yeah. I thought
those would be
>> Oh, wow. This is fun. This is fun.
>> Yep.
>> And some of those, like we've sold
Bernette before, like that's a
well-known brand.
>> Mhm.
>> And what are those little things there?
Is that like embroidery thread?
>> Uh, this is the Vanna White uh pallets.
It's yarn. It's little mini things
crochet yarn.
>> Okay.
>> Yep.
>> Y'all can see. I mean, we've got it.
It's even more than it looks cuz the
small stuff is inter intermixed in
there.
>> Oh, yeah. the fill bag
>> right here. The uh not yarn, it's
there's other stuff, too. The filler bag
stuff out.
>> And now we're working on lots and we're
and we're not trying to get max money
here.
>> Um but so what we're going to do this
kind of yarn that you see here
>> and all this and all this, that's all
going to be one lot.
>> Yep.
>> And we're going to put it up for 50
bucks, which is going to be a smoking
deal for somebody.
>> Yep.
>> We're happy to do that. Now, something
surprising we found is we found
we have eight of these Vanna's pallets.
>> They're basically little mini packs to
make like a scarf or a hat. All your
different colors that go together in
there together,
>> right? And
found these
uh this comp here from about a month
ago. Somebody got 30 bucks for four of
them. We have eight. So, we're going to
put those together for 50 as well. So,
just between the yarn and this stuff,
that's going to be $100 in listings. And
then we we haven't even touched,
>> but this is all ribbon. I kind of
started This is all ribbon.
>> That might be $40 of ribbon. And we have
>> This is all buttons.
>> That might be another, you know, I think
we definitely are going to end up having
a couple hundred bucks. Yeah.
>> Out of this. And we're trying to do the
work easy and fast without spending a
lot of time on it. Right.
>> That's the plan.
>> And give good deals.
>> Yep.
>> Yeah. Awesome. All right, y'all. Candace
just got this little pen cushion listed.
$25 for that. That's one.
>> That's a pen cushion and the little
chair seat lifts for storage. It's
pretty cool.
>> Okay.
>> As far as pin cushions go.
>> Listed that for 25. Uh we've been
listing some a few other things too, but
can't I think all you've worked on are
those those pretty much those bags, huh?
>> Yeah, the $10 fill of bags. This is what
we listed. Uh 12 pounds of yarn for 100.
Um some smaller yarn skins for 50. A lot
of ribbon for 25.
Um a lot of buttons for 25. Another lot
of buttons for 25. A single yarn um
crochet or yarn thing for 25. And then
that pin cushion for 25. Which brings us
to $275 in listings out of those $10
filler bags.
>> Yeah. And in the same time, I've been I
don't know. I haven't been I haven't
been real effective today. I did help a
little bit with the lots.
>> You did. Oh, and we're donating a lot of
not a lot of
>> the rest. That stuff right there.
>> That stuff is donate. Um we have some
stuff to throw in monograph parade which
I may pick some stuff out of there to go
in the monograph parade. She don't have
shoes or she would be good,
>> you know.
Yeah, that's fun. That's great, man.
That's awesome.
>> Uh, what did I list today? Oh, I
>> guns.
>> I listed that skateboard right there for
45.
I decided the blemishes
um really knocked it out of being like,
you know, 60 70 kind of level. Uh, and
we only paid $3 for it anyway. And then,
yeah,
>> I took these paintball markers. I put
them all in one lot for $130.
Yeah,
>> we we paid 20 for those and I think
somebody's going to snatch those up
pretty quick. Uh I did list them as is
untested, but we included a video where
we showed them real quick. I charged
each one and dryf fired it. I think
they're all fine. I'm just not going to
test them. I just want to list them and
move on.
>> Right. at the price we paid. I like
there are sometimes y'all when we go to
a garage sale and something's cheap
enough, but I don't really want to mess
with it. I'm like I tell myself, I said,
"Look, you can make more money if you
test it. You got a lot of stuff behind
this."
>> Mhm.
>> Buy it because the price is right. List
it like in the most expedient way
possible. Yep.
>> You know, so we're going to get 110. If
that sells for 130, we're going to get
110 gross profit uh before fees and
stuff. So,
>> Oh, you listed a tennis racket, too.
>> You're going to listed a tennis racket.
>> Yeah.
>> And uh Yeah, I'm I might um Yeah. Yeah.
We're we're we're we're working through
this stuff. And man, we've got some
really good stuff. But those two fella
backs
>> Yeah.
>> that was awesome.
>> That was good. And and I'm glad that we
did it the way we did. Um didn't put a
lot of time into it. just got some lots
up and made money and moving on.
>> That's right.
>> Yep.
>> That's right. Right on. All right. Well,
that is going to be it for this one.
Thanks a bunch for watching and we will
see y'all again very soon. Bye y'all.
>> Bye.